contracts/flashloan-starter/README.md, before:

# CosmWasm Minimal Starter Pack


This template contains almost the absolute minimum you need to get going with a CosmWasm smart contract in Rust. There is a specific focus put on it to be very barebones and this template is based on the [cw-template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CosmWasm/cw-template) by CosmWasm.

This is an opinionated template to build smart contracts in Rust to run inside a
[Cosmos SDK](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk) module on all chains that enable it.
To understand the framework better, please read the overview in the
[cosmwasm repo](https://github.com/CosmWasm/cosmwasm/blob/master/README.md),
and dig into the [cosmwasm docs](https://www.cosmwasm.com).
This assumes you understand the theory and just want to get coding.

## Creating a new repo from template

Assuming you have a recent version of rust and cargo (v1.51.0+) installed
(via [rustup](https://rustup.rs/)),
then the following should get you a new repo to start a contract:

First, install
[cargo-generate](https://github.com/ashleygwilliams/cargo-generate).
Unless you did that before, run this line now:

```sh
cargo install cargo-generate --features vendored-openssl
```

Now, use it to create your new contract.
Go to the folder in which you want to place it and run:


**Latest: 0.16**

```sh
cargo generate --git https://github.com/0xFable/cw-minimal-template.git --name PROJECT_NAME
````

You will now have a new folder called `PROJECT_NAME` (I hope you changed that to something else)
containing a simple working contract and build system that you can customize.

Commit message:

feat(doc): Add doc for contract

contracts/flashloan-starter/README.md, after:

# White Whale Flash Loan Starter contract -- Based on the CosmWasm Minimal Starter Pack

This contract package contains almost the absolute minimum you need to be able to take out a flash loan from the White Whale Vault by interfacing with the Vault with this custom contract. This approach allows you to add your own CW logic for what should happen before and after a loan or helpful logic for composition of messages. 

Additionally to make this fully ready to go, a script should be created which handles all the business logic of finding opportunities 
and then calls this contract to request a loan.

## Original text

This template contains almost the absolute minimum you need to get going with a CosmWasm smart contract in Rust. There is a specific focus put on it to be very barebones and this template is based on the [cw-template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CosmWasm/cw-template) by CosmWasm.

This is an opinionated template to build smart contracts in Rust to run inside a
[Cosmos SDK](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk) module on all chains that enable it.
To understand the framework better, please read the overview in the
[cosmwasm repo](https://github.com/CosmWasm/cosmwasm/blob/master/README.md),
and dig into the [cosmwasm docs](https://www.cosmwasm.com).
This assumes you understand the theory and just want to get coding.

## Creating a new repo from template

Assuming you have a recent version of rust and cargo (v1.51.0+) installed
(via [rustup](https://rustup.rs/)),
then the following should get you a new repo to start a contract:

First, install
[cargo-generate](https://github.com/ashleygwilliams/cargo-generate).
Unless you did that before, run this line now:

```sh
cargo install cargo-generate --features vendored-openssl
```

Now, use it to create your new contract.
Go to the folder in which you want to place it and run:


**Latest: 0.16**

```sh
cargo generate --git https://github.com/0xFable/cw-minimal-template.git --name PROJECT_NAME
````

You will now have a new folder called `PROJECT_NAME` (I hope you changed that to something else)
containing a simple working contract and build system that you can customize.
